you can't open the news without seeing
something about climate change even the
central banks are talking about how they
can help fix climate change so you know
that this is front and center everywhere
in the big corporations in the
governments and of course this will
affect our daily lives because the rules
and regulations that they are working to
implement today they want to get to
something called Net Zero by the year
2050 and I'm G to show you how all
governments seem to be playing ball
we're going to look at the potential
solutions that they're suggesting is it
real what are the alternative energies
what is the world powered by today all
of that here you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you I want to
cover what's going on with energy
obviously important everyone needs it
but we need to look at this at a deeper
level and understand it it you know
really from a holistic point of view we
don't want to just have the talking
points let's go right here when you do a
search online for net
02050 this is what you'll
see people are asking what does net zero
emissions by 2050 mean net zero this
you're seeing the the Common Thread
right through if you look at some of
these links of course depending on where
you are your GE is going to depend on
the search results the the point is
you're going to see every website every
single
institution United Nations all these
other ones that say the same thing Net
Zero by
2050 Net Zero by 2050 all of them they
say the same thing and they have decided
that this is going to be what they have
to achieve okay so the governments have
come together and they've made it very
clear this is our objective Net Zero by
2050 all right so it's not zero it's Net
Zero so they have to offset that and
what we can see here is as I'll show you
looking at it you know governments
around the world um they're basically
for the most part committed to that so
that blue it's hard to see obviously
really small font but you're looking at
that light blue area on the rainbow part
well that's all the countryes saying
yeah yeah 2050 we agree to it so
basically every
country okay so you got me so far pretty
much everybody is saying that a few
others say they'll get it done earlier
all right good but what powers the world
as of
2022 well coal Coal
35% nuclear 9
.2% and others you know you have solar
you have wind and so on well that's an
issue because you've got these countries
like India like China and many others in
Asia and elsewhere that use coal now if
we think about it where is all our stuff
coming from well it's from those
countries where's all the growth coming
from it's from those countries so if
everybody in the United States is using
solar panels and let's say
nuclear that doesn't fix the issue
because the growth the manufacturing the
pollution that's being done in these
countries so everybody has to be playing
ball now they say they'll play ball I
believe for China it's
2060 but the point is are they going to
be able to achieve what they're
suggesting and that is really you know
up in the air between now and then
there's going to be 10 different
recessions and different excuses why
they can't get on it you as an
individual though will you be able to do
everything that you do today or will you
be restricted based on this Net Zero by
2050 oh you no no no you you can't drive
that gas guzzling vehicle because we'll
never get to our 2050 goals do you think
that's possible do you think they might
suggest that or maybe you're allowed to
do it but of course you have to offset
that and you can simply do that by
paying a fee paying a tax on your carbon
emissions some would say this is a
theory that this is not possible but of
course we know that to be the case in
many ways they're already doing so I've
shown this before the world must
accelerate the construction of new
nuclear power plants in order to hit uh
the global green goals says Atomic
Watchdog 20 reactors need to be built a
year to reach Net Zero by 2050 compared
to about three to four reactors a year
currently and that's where they're at
right now way off so that's what he's
saying new nuclear all right well 40
Years of nuclear power production in
every country I'm going to show you this
you can look down the list and just
compare that graphically to see for
yourself now some countries more than
others some countries started using
nuclear at a later time uh but you could
see it overall here on this chart
okay nuclear is being used as I've said
it's about 9% of the total energy usage
and what they're saying is there's
absolutely no way 2050 is going to
happen without an extreme like they got
to be fast on nuclear why am I telling
you all of this because at the end of
this video I'm going to highlight again
what I told you three years ago that
would have been um an investment that
you could have made that would have you
know more than doubled so let's let's
look at that though anyway so nuclear is
here
but nuclear has its own issues nuclear
power plant leaked 1.5 million lers of
radioactive water in Minnesota here's a
list of historical leaks and Spills at
us commercial nuclear power plants
looking down the list everywhere this
happens small ones medium ones larger
ones you have Fukushima of course it
could happen for different reasons and
there's a different halflife on these
things and they say no it's not harmful
it's this and that Fukushima is totally
fine they dumped the water uh
Radioactive water back in the ocean it's
not an issue okay great so you can
believe who you want to believe that's
that's besides the point okay so these
things are not perfect there's no
question about that you could see the
age of these nuclear reactors and
depends on where they are and so on all
these things uh but what they say is
that 88 of 92 reactors in the US have
received extension to operate for up to
60 years so does that mean as they age
uh they're going to leak more is that we
what we can expect it's possible I don't
know I'm I'm not U you know into this
field but just from what we're looking
at you could see this that they are you
got something that's you know intended
to design you know intended to be
operating for 20 to 40 years and then
they're going to do that for 60 you know
that's
worrisome looking at this example
Canadian nuclear plant leaked
radioactive water right into the uh
drinking water Lake
Ontario um but it it was okay the
government said it's you know it's not a
problem it's just a you know uh it's a
lowlevel regulatory event I guess yeah
it's all good it's all good Fukushima
they're just basically talking about
that and what happened there 2011
devastating the
tsunami um creating a big issue
and so the thought is do they need to be
using
uranium uranium is this you know it's
something that could be powering a city
but at the same time could cause
Devastation and so it's really like
Handle With Care right I'm always
reminded of the Homer
Simpson having those uh the rods the uh
rods and I I just think of you know the
the danger associated with it but when I
look at this here they start talking
about in this article thorium which is
something else that is still needs a lot
of development the reactors we have
today are not based on that they talk
about the advantages of it it creates a
lot less waste it's much more like a lot
less threatening to everybody it's a
great energy that comes out of it it's
everything is great about it there's
just one problem though why aren't we
using thorium hm let's think about that
for a second well what can you do with
um uranium H well you can make a nuke
with it thorium you can't so the money
went all into uranium there's different
reasons for that
but that's the one that I want to
highlight take what you want with that
they've got this which could be
beneficial you can see small modular
reactors and so you can see the top left
one that looks like the Homer Simpson
type you're used to all right large
conventional reactor and then we have
these small modular reactors so these
are like you know they don't need to be
in the middle of nowhere they can put
them closer to the city and they have I
think about onethird the energy capacity
of the others but you can put them
anywhere and so so that means you could
start having these contribute to a large
percentage of the energy in a given City
and then they have the uh micro reactors
okay really really small buildings and
that would be able to you know power a
few buildings and so on so those are
options and we'll see what happens but I
wanted to highlight this several
generations of reactors are commonly
distinguished generation one reactors
were developed in 1950s and 60s
the last one shut down in the UK in 2015
generation 2 is uh by the Pres present
us and French fleets most in operation
elsewhere generation three and 3 plus
you got the advanced ones okay and so on
and so what we need are the more
advanced ones the ones that aren't
leaking the ones that are new in
operation and the ones that are
potentially using thorium okay if they
decide that that's what's better um but
right now they got nothing okay we got
the old stuff the old stuff is being
dragged on because they know they got an
energy problem this is bad it's going
bad and from bad to worse and so we'll
see what happens but if the government
is willing to put more money into this
technology what do you think happens
well of course you have to follow the
money this is Cho and if you remember
specifically cico was this company that
I highlighted back in 2020 and you could
see the chart for yourself looking at it
let's say a year ago okay from a year
ago it's up
60% I was highlighting this back in and
you'll see right here uh 2020 somewhere
in this region over here when
Commodities were going up I started
talking about uranium and you could see
where it has gone from then so let's say
about you know
1315 right now it's at $52 this happens
to be chemico is just the biggest um in
the uranium space but not just that I
mean I said uranium in general look at
chemico of course just because it's the
biggest um but that's what happens now
from here on of course when you have a
runup it's difficult to say okay well
you know this going to go out forever
usually not the case but when we compare
this to the other miners other metal
Miners and things um actually uranium U
might not be a bad pick there's other
things to think about in that it's not
just one aspect anyway but the point is
you've got the ways to play it and so
you can see that uh with this physical
Sprout uranium where they're actually
buying the uranium itself or you can get
the you know companies that are involved
in it and so the physical operates a
little bit differently obviously but you
can see performance has been very nice
as well and so the Point here is I was
talking to you about that years ago not
because of some sort of crystal ball
that I have trust
me no crystal ball it's not here what we
do is we look at the fundamentals and I
break these things down anybody who has
the you know the will to stand my voice
for 10 or 15 minutes will get the full
deal and explanation and the method to
my madness those who leave early say I
don't get this guy because they just
don't have the will the point here is
that what we can see right now is that
billions hundreds of billions trillions
of dollars could be going into nuclear
energy to get to the net
0250 which in my opinion doesn't have
all the AL altruistic you know aspects
that they suggest I think there's more
going on here we I could talk about that
but anyway what I see here um was a
potential back in 2020 and you know you
got to judge for yourself if now's the
right time but looking at it there are
different ways to play it I just see
this as like hey if the government's
going to throw money in it you got the
wind behind your back and you could be
taking advantage at least we can
position ourselves in this way you don't
want to be fighting an uphill battle
usually okay that's just the way it
goes okay and then what we got to look
at is
this which is the places to find and
connect with other likeminded people and
in this case I'm just highlighting one
case here which is the comment of the
day but also where I would love to see
you and that is on the Discord because
you're going to see comments like this
with one individual talking about how
they were growing potatoes trying to
Simply take like 10 lbs of tomatoes
turning into 100 lb of Tomatoes doing
things to be prepared lowering the cost
of living potentially
increasing their you know their health
by actually growing their own food
instead of buying it elsewhere it sits
on the Shelf they spray it with the
chemicals you know the deal anyway we're
sharing all this kind of stuff every
single day in the Discord I'll put the
link in the description but I want to
see you there and I want to know what
you think and we could talk about the
things that we cannot talk about here on
this platform so I hope you're appreci
apprciate this today I know I can be
long-winded but I do get to my point if
you do agree with that that I do
eventually get to it might you know the
presentation might take 10 or 15 minutes
but I do make sense in the end I want to
know or is it just me thinking that all
right let me know in the comments I'll
see you tomorrow take care